e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\CrudFE.dll.config
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\CrudFE.dll
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\CrudFE.pdb
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\WebGrease.dll
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\obj\Debug\CrudFE.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\obj\Debug\CrudFE.dll
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\obj\Debug\CrudFE.pdb
E:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
E:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
E:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
E:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
E:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
E:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
E:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
E:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
E:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
E:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
E:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
E:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
E:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
E:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
E:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
E:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
E:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
E:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
E:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
E:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
E:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
E:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.dll
E:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
E:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.dll
E:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\Unity.Mvc5.dll
E:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
E:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
E:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
E:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.xml
E:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.xml
E:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\PagedList.dll
E:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\PagedList.Mvc.dll
E:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\PagedList.xml
E:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrudFE\CrudFE\bin\PagedList.Mvc.xml
